Skip to content Let's Talk Menu Book Appointment Open 24/7 042 111-500-600 Menu Book Appointment Latest News 24 Hours Emergency Care for Dogs: When Every Second Counts Warning Signs Your Cat Is in Danger – Rush to an Emergency Vet in Lahore Keep Your Exotic Bird’s Beak, Feathers, and Claws Healthy Canine Distemper and Parvovirus Poultry Diagnostics and Emerging Diseases in Lahore Canine Distemper Has No Home Cure – Why Only a Vet Can Save Your Dog Highly Contagious Parvo Virus Wave is Coming to Lahore This Spring to Summer Success Story: 50 Parvo Cases 50 Recovered at Round Lake Animal Hospital Lahore Timely Rabies & DHPPI Pet vaccination – Can Save Your Life with Your Pet’s Life Dental Care Problems? Round Lake Animal Hospital Has Treatment Why Deworming Is Critical: Protecting Your Pet from Hidden Threats How to Choose the Best Grooming Routine for Your Pet’s Breed and Coat Type Importance of Regular Pet Grooming: More Than Just a Pretty Coat Seasonal Allergies in Pets: Why Spring and Summer Can Be Dangerous Vomiting and Diarrhea in Pets: Signs Your Pet Needs Emergency Treatment Respiratory Infections in Animals: A Life-Threatening Condition Canine Parvovirus 101: What Every Dog Owner Needs to Know 5 of Most Occurred Diseases in Animals Between March to May Culture Test’s Role in Identifying Bacterial and Fungal Infections in Animals How Professional Vets Treat Ringworm in Cats How to Take Care of Pets for Kids 5 Signs Your Pet Needs Emergency Care Immediately A State-Of-The-Art Pakistan’s 1st purpose-built Veterinary Hospital equipped with technology and qualified Veterinarians. Our friendly and professional team are focusing on providing the finest possible care to our Pet Community. We are experts in preventative care, diagnostics, and pet behaviour. About Us Call Now 24 Hour Emergency Veterinary Services In-house Laboratory & Diagonastic Centers PET’s Mart (Online Shopping) Exotic & Birds Vet with Birds Market Explore Our Services Pakistan’s 1st purpose-built Veterinary Hospital equipped with technology and qualified Veterinarians. Our friendly and professional team are focusing on providing the finest possible care to our Pet Community. 24 Hours Ready to go Ambulance Services Call Now Professional Pets Training Call Now Intensive Care Hospitalization Call Now Birds Treatment & Birds Point of Sale Call Now Neat and Clean Boarding & Day Care Call Now Round Lake Pets Mart Read More Veterinary Laboratory Read More Equines & Ruminants Read More 24/7 Emergency Care Read More Poultry Care & Livestock Read More Our Pet Mela brought together pet parents, families, and animal lovers for a fun filled experience. The event featured Dog Shows, Cat Shows, and exciting activities enjoyed by all. Our stalls offered pet care guidance, consultations, and interactive sessions. Happy moments, smiling faces, and wagging tails made the day truly memorable. Affordable pricing and flexible payment options A celebration of love, care, and community for pets and their families. Our team interacted with visitors, providing pet care awareness, guidance, and support. About RLAH Round Lake Animal Hospital offers a wide range of medical, surgical, and dental services for animals, including wellness exams, vaccinations, spay and neuter procedures, and emergency care. Their experienced and compassionate team of veterinarians and staff are dedicated to providing high-quality and personalized care to each animal and their family. They also provide boarding and grooming services for animals, as well as prescription diets and medications. The hospital is equipped with advanced diagnostic and therapeutic equipment to ensure the best possible care for their patients. About Us Round Lake Pets Mart Veterinary Hospital Boarding & Grooming Our Dream Leaders Dr Rana Fawad Hafeez Founder Senior Veterinarian from USA with special interest in Small Animal surgeries Rana Faraz Hafeez Managing Director Pakistani Veteran with a passion to take care of the creatures of the world Prof Dr. mazhar Iqbal Chief Of The Staff Senior Veterinarian with 20 Years Experience CONNECT WITH US Facebook Instagram Linkedin Youtube A state-of-the-art Full Facility Veterinary Hospital For Your BELOVED PET 🐾 Quick Links PET’s Mart (Online Shopping) Birds Shop (Online Shopping) Expert Veterinary Laboratory Equines Care & Services Ruminents Care & Services Goat & Sheeps Care Poultry & Livestock Who We Are About Us Contact Us Privacy Policies Legal Terms Terms & Conditions Get in Touch with Us for the Best Veterinary Solution under One Roof © 2019 Round Lake Animal Hospital, All Rights Reserved. Legal Privacy
